(SLIDE 1) Hi everybody my name is Christian and I am one of the founders of Hiket - Bringing you the future of data visualization for climbing. 
(SLIDE 2) SOME PROBLEMS TO OVERCOME WHEN IT COMES TO DATA VISUALIZATION IN CLIMBING ACTIVITY. 1. The oversimplification of data. One of the biggest draws of visualization is its ability to take big swaths of data and simplify them to more basic, understandable terms.
2. The human limitations of algorithms. This is the biggest potential problem, and also the most complicated. Any algorithm used to reduce data to visual illustrations is based on human inputs, and human inputs can be fundamentally flawed.
3. Overreliance on visuals. This is more of a problem with consumers than it is with developers, but it undermines the potential impact of visualization in general. When users start relying on visuals to interpret data, which they can use at-a-glance, they could easily start over-relying on this mode of input.
4. The inevitability of visualization. Already, there are dozens of tools available to help us understand complex data sets. To some, this may not seem like a problem, but consider some of the effects—companies racing to develop visualization products, and consumers only seeking products that offer visualization. These effects may feed into user overreliance on visuals, and compound the limitations of human errors in algorithm development
(SLIDE 3) Each one of these sayings and captions about climbing is designed to motivate and inspire you to get outdoors and tackle the nearest mountain! Whether you're an experienced climber, or prefer non technical ascents to hill and mountain tops, we're sure you'll love the solution we created taking all these scnarios into consideration!
(SLIDE 4) Are you thinking of taking a trip to the mountain? Think Hiket, your number one pathfinder with the most simplified data presentation interface and exceptional data visualization features. Using your complete body is an important factor when it comes to improving your climbing skills. Despite the human nature of using your hands and arms to climb, the real step forwardin training comes when a climber learns how to climb with the help of legs and the correct positioning of the body. This is important for saving energy when climbing up a wall. When it comes to help in climbing sport everyone says that just pointing visually to the next grip will be enough to let the climber know where to put the hands for the next move. But because it is so important to learn how to position your feet and body, a well designed help system should include that in the learning process. Therefore recognizing, tracking and comparing body positions and movements and then converting it all into simple data to be visualized in the app is the most important feature of the product. The extracted shape of a body can also be used for analysing the style of climbing or where the climber lacks technical skills. This can be used for giving training advices within an online community.
(SLIDE 5) The global hiking equipment market size was estimated at USD 4.5 billion in 2019. The rising demand for sporting activities among the younger population, particularly millennials is driving the market for hiking gear and equipment. Increasing inclination towards a fitness regime, short recreational activities, and healthy lifestyles have added prominence to outdoor sports events, thereby positively affecting the demand for hiking gear and equipment. Shifting focus of consumers towards adopting a healthy lifestyle supported by increasing rate of urbanization has also impacted the growth of the market for climbing equipment. Millennial form the largest consumer base for climbing in the market and thus, increasing participation by this age group propels the demand for these products. 
(SLIDE 6) Hiket is the best app for mountain climbers any where in the world. Are you thinking of taking a trip to the mountain? Think Hiket, your number one pathfinder with the most simplified data presentation interface and exceptional tracking features. Hiket automatically scales the minutest form of the most relevant data from your climbing. It measures the climbing speed, tracks distance and height, marks edges and slopes on the mountain, and provides full statistical data on your trip in the most simplified form.
(SLIDE 7) The goal of the app is to analyze the data, generated via sensors, to react accordingly and be easyly visualized on dashboard available in the app. It helps climbers to generate data with the help of sensors and analyze that information to take intelligent and quick decisions. Regarding the user experience, the user can register as a climber, being redirected to a registration screen putting his information for account creation. That done, the user gets access to important features such as dashboard containing the information about -climbing distance 
-climbing speed, -hight above ground level up the highest height of climb. -difficult points on the mountain. -mark the mountain edges as you climb. 
- marking specific  reference points on the mountain. - snap and share photos. - data and statistics are automatically stored and can be retrieved later under history.
(SLIDE 8) We have also made this service available at a very affordable charge to make your adventure more remarkable. Although the app offers certain free features to allow users view some basic details on the dashboard, however to use the premium features which entails data capture and share, you need to subscribe to our premium offer for just $10monthly, this gives you exclusive access to every feature of the app including snapping and sharing.
(SLIDE 9) Roadmap: Start a prototype, improve it, MVP validation, establish partnerships and expand our product to more farmers.
(SLIDE 10) Present the team and explain why our team made the best effort to submit the project and our skills.
